[Merged by Bors] - 0.10 camera output modes (#578)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2023-03-04-bevy-0.10/index.md

**Bevy 0.10** adds a [`CameraOutputMode`] field to [`Camera`], which gives Bevy app developers the ability to manually configure exactly how (and if) a [`Camera`]'s render results should be written to the final output texture:

```rust
// Configure the camera to write to the final output texture
camera.output_mode = CameraOutputMode::Write {
    // Do not blend with the current state of the output texture
    blend_state: None,
    // Clear the output texture
    color_attachment_load_op: LoadOp::Clear(Default::default()),
};

// Configure the camera to skip writing to the final output texture
// This can save a pass when there are multiple cameras, and can be useful for
// some post processing situations
camera.output_mode = CameraOutputMode::Skip;
```

_Most_ single-camera and multi-camera setups will not need to touch this setting at all. But if you need it, it will be waiting for you!

> MSAA requires an extra intermediate "multisampled" texture, which gets resolved to the "actual" unsampled texture. In some corner case multi-camera setups rendering to the same texture, this can create weird / inconsistent results based on whether or not MSAA is enabled or disabled. We've added a new `Camera::msaa_writeback` `bool` field which (when enabled) will write the current state of the unsampled texture to the intermediate MSAA texture (if a previous camera has already rendered to the target on a given frame). This ensures that the state is consistent regardless of MSAA configuration. This defaults to true, so you only need to think about this if you have a multi-camera setup and you _don't_ want MSAA writeback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSAA requires an extra intermediate "multisampled" texture, which gets resolved to the "actual" unsampled texture. In some corner cases multi-camera setups render to the same texture, this can create weird / inconsistent results based on whether or not MSAA is enabled or disabled. We've added a new `Camera::msaa_writeback` `bool` field which (when enabled) will write the current state of the unsampled texture to the intermediate MSAA texture (if a previous camera has already rendered to the target on a given frame). This ensures that the state is consistent regardless of MSAA configuration. This defaults to true, so you only need to think about this if you have a multi-camera setup and you _don't_ want MSAA writeback.
```

Author: This fundamentally changes the meaning of what i was saying / is no longer expressing. I think adding "that" before "rendering" in the original sentence adds the clarity you're looking for.

Author: (and changing "rendering" to "render")

Author: Done!
